Add `Yaz's Summer Cup 2021` tournament article (#5949)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/YSC/2021/en.md

See the [Player list sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TnWnJybwGGLriorS9LkhrTJvq0D0yVbQBR3YF-flY7E/edit#gid=395382951 "Google Sheets") for a list of all initial participants.

## Podium

This competition has come to an end and resulted in the following podium:

| Placing | Player |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | ![][flag_AU] [mrekk](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902) |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | ![][flag_CL] [Mathi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5339515) |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | ![][flag_GB] [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) |
| *4th place* | ![][flag_SE] [Reedkatt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8335950) |

> ![YSC 2021 podium](img/podium.jpg)

Author: I don't really like image only podiums since you can't interact with them in any meaningful way.

| **Utami** ![][flag_US] | **5** | 3 | ![][flag_GB] Kingling | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86788225) |
| **headstack** ![][flag_US] | **5** | 4 | ![][flag_US] Spev | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86794703) |

Monday, 5 July 2021:

| Player 1 | | | Player 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **Tj7223** ![][flag_US] | **5** | 0 | ![][flag_RU] Dizick | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86843619) |

### Qualifiers

See the [Qualifiers results sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TnWnJybwGGLriorS9LkhrTJvq0D0yVbQBR3YF-flY7E/edit#gid=2137675509 "Google Sheets") for a list of all qualification results.

## Ruleset

- This tournament is a 1v1 double-elimination international osu! tournament.
- This tournament will consist of 64 players.
- Matches will be head to head, with score v2 as the scoring system used.
- There will be no rank limit on sign-ups. The tournament will have open qualifiers with the top 64 players participating in the bracket stage.
- Host, co-hosts, referees, schedulers, mappool selectors, and mappool testers are not permitted to sign up for the tournament.

> - All players must treat staff and other participants with a high level of respect, any kind of mistreatment in a match or on the discord (this includes extreme toxicity, racism, homophobia) will result in a ban and will be blacklisted from participating in future installments of this tournament.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All players must treat staff and other participants with a high level of respect, any kind of mistreatment in a match or on the discord (this includes extreme toxicity, racism, homophobia) will result in a ban and will be blacklisted from participating in future instalments of this tournament.
```

- Where rules do not prevail, common sense shall. The administration has explicit discretion to apply their judgement on this as they see fit.
- Each stage will be held on a Saturday/Sunday. Schedules and mappools will be released on the Monday/Tuesday before that stage is due to happen, to allow for reschedules.
- Reschedules will be allowed if both players agree on a time and provide proof of the agreed reschedule to hosts/co-hosts/scheduling team.
- Please be aware that reschedules must be submitted before 23:59UTC Friday before a round is due to happen. Any reschedules later than this will only be accepted on a case by case basis in extenuating circumstances.
- In order for your registration to count, you must fill out the form provided, join the Discord server and change your Discord username to your osu! username.

### Qualifiers

- Players will play the qualifiers mappool once.
- Failed scores are counted as a pass.

> - The Top 64 qualifying scores will progress into the knockout stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The top 64 qualifying scores will progress into the knockout stage.
```

- Players are allowed to ban from the same mappool.
- Players will roll once. The winner of the roll selects first or second pick or ban, and the loser of the roll selects from the remaining options.
- Players will have 90 seconds to ban a map. Failure to ban a map after this time will result in a loss of a ban.
- Players will have 90 seconds to pick a map. Failure to pick a map after this time will result in the pick being passed to their opponent.
- If a disconnection or a technical issue occurs within the first 25% of a map. The map will be allowed to be replayed. Each player has a limit of 1 replay per match, any disconnections or technical issues after a replay has been used will result in the point going over to the other player.
- In the case of a disconnection, common sense will be applied: if proof exists of the disconnected player's score, it will be considered valid, and the winner of the point will be judged accordingly.
- Any attempts to stall the match, show toxicity or spam during the match will result in a warning. Failure to comply with this rule again will result in a point being awarded to another player.
- Failed scores are counted as a pass.

> - If there is a tie score on a map, the map will be nullified for the duration of the match and cannot be re-picked. This will not affect the pick order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there are tied scores on a map, the map will be nullified for the duration of the match and cannot be re-picked. This will not affect the pick order.
```
